multipart-stdin example, hook environment vars, LICENSE, and README (#13)
de-vri-es/webhook-httpd: README.md

When the feature is enabled, `openssl` is linked statically against a locally compiled OpenSSL.
This can be used to create a binary with a minimal set of runtime dependencies,
and it can make compilation easier on systems with no recent version of OpenSSL readily available.

> 
> On windows, this has been reported to work.
> ```
> choco install openssl
> set OPENSSL_DIR=C:\Program Files\OpenSSL-Win64

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more information on how to build with a locally installed version of OpenSSL see:
https://docs.rs/openssl/latest/openssl/#building
```

I don't really want to advertise any specific third party package manager for Windows. I don't know enough about them to promote any specific one.

Author: Idk maybe neither are worth having.

Reviewer: I'm okay with not including it. But the extra link might be helpful.

```

## Examples

> multipart-stdin is an example of processing stdin and environment variables to support multipart upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `multipart-stdin` example shows how to processing `multipart/form-data` from stdin and how to pass additional environment variables to your hooks from the config file.
```

> Build the example
> ```
>  cargo run --example multipart-stdin --features static-openssl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the example:
```sh
 cargo build --example multipart-stdin --features static-openssl
```

```

> Add the hook (windows example)
> ```
>   - url: "/multipart-stdin"
>     commands:
>       - cmd: ["cmd.exe","/c","target\\debug\\examples\\multipart-stdin.exe"]
>         stdin: request-body
>     environment: ["OUTPUT_FOLDER=uploads","COUNT_SUFFIX","APPLY_TIMESTAMP"]
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the hook:
```yaml
  - url: "/multipart-stdin"
    commands:
      - cmd: ["target/debug/examples/multipart-stdin"]
      # For Windows, add `.exe` and use escaped backslashes for the path:
      # cmd: ["target\\debug\\examples\\multipart-stdin.exe"]
        stdin: request-body
    environment: 
      OUTPUT_FOLDER: uploads
      COUNT_SUFFIX: 1
      APPLY_TIMESTAMP: 1
```

I don't mind documenting things for Windows, but I do want to keep Unix platforms the primary example. I also don't think you need cmd if you just want to run a binary.

Author: I commented the cert stuff out since it stops us from using it out of the box as no one has those files.

What about creating win32 endpoints /print-env-win32  for the pwd/env example.  Really, I was looking to add one example of using cmd.exe and it would be nice if that example were actually usable without modifications.

the same is true for the multipart-stdin.  part of me wants to test for windows and do a translation of / on the first command argument so that the same endpoint could work for both platforms without modification.  if we just create another endpoint with a win32 postfix both platforms have a place to go.  specifying .exe is not needed so / translation would be enough.

Reviewer: Hmm, then how about adding an example-config.windows.yaml? I'd even be okay with renaming example-config.yaml to example-config.unix.yaml :p

Author: ```
 22   - url: "/multipart-stdin"
 21     commands:
 20       - cmd: ["target/debug/examples/multipart-stdin"]
 19         stdin: request-body
 18     environment:
 17       OUTPUT_FOLDER: uploads
 16       COUNT_SUFFIX:
 15 #      APPLY_TIMESTAMP: 1
```

I just tested turning the env vars off and on.  The "target/debug/examples/multipart-stdin" value works as expected and no additional changes are required, there's one way to do it.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me :)

Author: I don't care much one way or other about the cmd.exe endpoints.  Let me know how you'd like to proceed.

Author: Ok, I think we're close.  The code is there.  There's gotta be another change still right? :)

That indexmap cleaned things up nicely.

> Run the server
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the server:
```sh
```

cargo run --features static-openssl -- --config example-config.yaml
```

> Use can test the endpoint using something like:
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test the endpoint using `curl` with the `-F` option:
```sh
```
